## Things done
- **Explored & got familiar with Tmux**
Created a documentation describes the useful shotcuts for Tmux - "Tmux shortcuts" - needs to be finished
- **Explored the ROS commands for control the lights, blinds, etc.** 
- **Estalished SSH connection from VScode to the server** 
  Allowing automatically upload to server once saved files locally.
- **Created a test code "test"**
  & Familiarized with how to run command in python programs
- **Explored the data returned by ToF sensor.**
  The data returned from ToF sensor is a 20x25 matrix (range from about 0 to 5000)
  Also, in the "test" file, there is a program that can read the data from ToF sensor and draw a heat map. It will be useful for future developing the ToF sensor. 

## Next step
- **Implement automatic light-on function (0% error rate)** 
    - The important thing is to find a way/algorithm to accurately detect that a person is walking into the room. 
  - Simple algorithms will result in a high error rate. i.e. these algorithms may detect the movement of the door as "someone gets into the room". 
  - Some intial thoughts: 
    - Detect the height change within a range. (i.e. The height of humans is usually from 4.5 to 6.5 feet, and must higher than 2 feet, lower than the height of door)
    Must lower than the height of door is because he/she must stoop to enter the room if he/she higher than the door. 
    - Detect the dimension of change. (i.e. The shape of change must larger than 1x1 resolution)
    - Detect the shape of change (distinguish humans and the door. Because the door is thin and long and this shape must not be a person)
    - The movement direction must start from the door side.
    - Implement multiple algorithms and calculate the total confident level. Only turn on the lights when the confident level reach the threshold. 
- **Finish the "Tmux shortcuts" documentation**
- **Turn off the lights if no one in the room (start after light-on function)**
